one of the great things about
die-cutting is that it allows you to do
some intricate designs but in a quick
and easy manner as you can see right
here a beautiful lattice cut right here
and it really doesn't take much other
than a few cranks of your machine so
let's take a look at how that works I've
got another piece of cardstock here and
here's my die I always like to take a
little bit of tape scotch tape just to
tape that down right where I want it to
be so it doesn't slip or slide then I
take my plates and sandwich her up and
then I'm ready to crank and then you
bring it back down and you can take a
look at the intricate design now you'll
see here that sometimes you have a
little problem that you've got these
little sections and so you can kind of
just take a little poker and poke those
out that works pretty well and then
sometimes they get stuck in here and
you'll just poke through that just so
that your die is clean once again now
one thing that's great about paper
crafting is fun tips and tricks so let
me give you a tip so that you don't have
to have all the problems with those
little pieces because if you take a
small piece of wax paper and then place
it on the paper then place your die on
top of that the lubrication of the wax
paper assists in getting all those
little pieces parts out so let's take a
look at how that works take your
sandwich once a
get everything set up on there all right
so you load up your machine and give her
a crank again then bring it over and the
wax paper helps everything to fall out
very easily so that's just a fun tip
especially with these intricate dies to
be able to do things even more quickly
and easily to create a really beautiful
and intricate design and as you can see
if you want to even pop that up on some
white cardstock it gives a very nice
look and very intricate and some good
depth with the shadows beneath it so if
you want to use intricate dies you can
actually make things look beautiful very
quickly with your dies now it's your
turn to go forth and create
you